so Mr Justin row of impactable B2B
LinkedIn ads agency has asked me to do a
homepage tear down for his site let's
dive into it so generally the homepage
is pretty sweet looking from the top
down it's got a fixed menu nav so it's
easy to go to the main Pages no matter
what part of the homepage you're on it's
got a standout call to action so you can
easily book a call with the sales team
and set that up so looking at the
headline straight away underneath the
headline you've got a video which just
quite cool he his story you can hear
about their offerings about Justin's
experience when they got acquired
navigate the website which is good thing
I would say though is for perhaps
prospects that aren't keen on video
maybe to give it alternative so you
could have a video perhaps fixed on the
right hand side but then underneath that
you could maybe take a point of view so
we've got B2B LinkedIn ads agency which
is clear tells you what they do it's
probably good for SEO as well as a H1
title tag but underneath that you could
take a standpoint point so you could say
something like most B2B LinkedIn ads
agencies promise the worth promise the
Earth but only deliver mqls or cheap
crappy email sign up leads or webinar
leads we position your brand as the
go-to so whenever your target market
thinks of your offer has a problem you
fix has high intent for your offering we
position your brand your company as the
go-to in your Market on LinkedIn through
demand gen videos text posts Etc
explaining how the offer works so it
quite literally talks about how they're
taking a standpoint against competitors
what competitors do that they don't and
how they're going to fix your problem
get that job done improve your business
that's one standpoint you could take the
other you could go is that I see in
Justin's headline he's got LinkedIn ads
agency starting $849 a month so that is
another kind of USP you could be super
super transparent so most B2B LinkedIn
ad agencies are super expensive we're
from 8 $49 a month and here's what we do
here's problem we fix Etc and then you
have that video there for
Alternatives and and scrolling down
they've got who is impactable which is
nice one thing you could do here is
lower down they've got client logos work
with quite a nice idea is say we our ads
have helped book meetings with these
companies and then you could have a bit
of descriptive text saying we're trusted
by I don't know 749 B2B companies across
the US and EU and and then they've got a
bit about impactor which is nice the
fact that they're number one ranked on
LinkedIn and YouTube again which is
pretty cool a ton of videos so again
this is great for people if you enjoy
video content if not what you could do
perhaps is some of these are testimonial
videos some of these are podcast
interviews you could have a mix so you
could have small kind of thumbnails for
videos but you could also have
testimonials it's like box testimonials
with the image of the client their name
VP of marketing or whatever their job
title is at the company and then their
testimonials of people that just want to
skim the page as opposed to watching the
video they've got those nice clear
descriptive testimonials talks about the
Linkin ads tool which is cool we've
talked about the logos video of how it
works demo which is nice it's always
good to see something in action you
could also perhaps do interactive gifts
that go through explain it um talking
about some of their other tools again
perhaps this could be a bit higher up
the page so people know the servic is
straight away is not everyone's going to
scroll right down the page as we're
already halfway through generally want
to position the top Focus content as
quick as possible um as not everyone's
going to scroll to the bottom of the
page then we've got some articles what
our clients say videos which is fine
again like we talked about earlier you
could consider doing some of these as
videos some of these as interactive um
images with the description with a
testimonial and stuff and you could put
a link out to view more stories because
these videos are taking up a lot of real
estate on the page so you could do them
as little boxes and then perhaps they're
just horizontal and then underneath you
got got call to action to view our all
our customer success stories they're
taking quite a lot of space YouTube
again a lot of these videos take a lot
of real estate so it might be worth kind
of thinking about how they can be better
placed um another thing you consider at
the foot of the page is putting some
common General FAQs I.E why should we
trust you how much do you cost um what's
the setup how long does it take that
kind of stuff any kind of
straightforward General FAQs that get
asked on sales calls you could set up
but generally pretty good I think a few
tweaks making better use of real estate
showing people kind of how you're
different addressing those things head
on showing how you're different from
other B2B ads agencies rather than going
for just clear which is cool let's
strike a fire let's maybe say look this
is what other LinkedIn ads agencies do
this is how we're different these are
the problems we fix we're not going to
promise you the Earth and deliver
nothing we're actually going to practice
what we preach and these are some of the
ways we do it again nice mobile view so
yeah that's it let me know what you
think
below and if you want your website in
the next hair down again comment your
site below and happy to it take a look
cheers